hi everybody I'm Melissa welcome to
cloudmom so excited to be talking about
this terrific baby carrier today on
cloudmom this is the boba soft
structured baby carrier I have another
video where I go into all the features
of the boba and this video is about how
to position and carry your baby in the
front carry position with the boba so
we're going to be walking through that
right now so step number one with this
is to place the carrier along the upper
portion of your hips depending on your
height and you really really want it to
be very very tight so you're going to
make sure that the tag is in with this
carrier and because my baby is going to
be carried on my front I'm gonna have
the tag on my front part and remember
I've got this great clasp in the back
that has dual adjustability so I'm gonna
turn around and show you guys how I'm
gonna adjust that in the back so I'm
gonna place the carrier here along the
upper portion of my hips I'm gonna snap
it in here and I'm going to pull from
both sides to make sure this is as tight
as possible tight tight tight that is
the manner with all of these baby
carriers for safety purposes so you
really want this to be tight okay guys
pull in on both sides okay so here I am
and interestingly enough if you're sort
of out for the day with your baby and
you find that your baby is already
walking or crawling and they want to get
in and out of the carrier a lot you can
just kind of go around like this and
pretend it's like a fun funky apron and
not worry about taking this middle strap
off all the time this is the first thing
you're gonna do and when you do this you
don't carry your baby you don't have
your baby with you you do this first you
get it all worked out another thing I
would do before I even picked up my baby
is make sure that I'm happy with where
my straps are I actually like to leave
them on the looser setting again the way
you're gonna loosen them is by lifting
up on this little piece here and pulling
and it has dual adjustability but for me
it's easier to have them on a looser
setting get my baby into position and
then tighten now I'm gonna get my baby
here is peace love rock and roll and
baby carriers and very cute too okay so
the main thing with your baby and the
baby carrier is that you want to make
sure he's
the correct squatted position and this
means that his knees are gonna be
slightly higher than his bum some people
even refer to it as a 93 degree angle
with a newborn he will still be in this
squatted position and as the baby gets
older he'll be able to have his leg sit
outside the carrier in a ninety degree
angle like this so you're gonna make
sure your baby's in this nice position
okay I'm fiddling here so I'm taking my
hand off the baby's upper back and neck
but don't do that with your note newborn
you're always going to be supporting the
neck in the back now when you're putting
on your carrier what you're going to be
doing rather than thinking about putting
your baby into the carrier you're going
to be smoothing the carrier over your
baby so I've got my hip situation all
worked out here I'm supporting my baby
I'm supporting their neck and I'm just
gonna smooth the carrier over my baby so
here I am you see I smooth the carrier
over my baby my first armistice here I'm
gonna place it over that arm okay I'm
holding my baby and I'm supporting his
neck the whole time now I'm turning this
way I'm taking my second armrest like
this and I'm smoothing it on there's two
more steps here I can tighten these
straps so that you know your baby is
nice and tight and secure before you
turn to tightening see I'm tightening
tightening the strap just by pulling on
so the baby is nice and tight and secure
before you take this piece here and snap
it into place so here I go and this is
that great piece that moves up and down
on the boba duct dual adjustability I'm
gonna snap in okay so here's my baby
this is so comfortable at this point if
he's a newborn again he's in like this
if he's older his legs are gonna be able
to go out like this
a couple safety things you want to make
sure there's always a flow of air to
your baby his head doesn't have to be
turned to the side sometimes he might be
like this but you want to make sure you
have that nice flow of air and you want
to make sure the baby is high and tight
most times with carriers the problem is
that they're not tight enough
99% of
time that's the issue so you can always
tighten and it really should be so
secure so that he's high and tight and
you have this rule with carriers called
the kissing wheel you could easily lead
lean down and kiss your baby okay so
here's my baby's very comfortable I also
have this removable headpiece which is
terrific if it's sunny or if I'm nursing
and I'm gonna show you guys in another
video how to nurse in the boba and I'm
gonna show you guys how to take off your
baby from the boba
okay so again main thing here is you're
gonna safely take your baby off from the
upper portion of the boba and then
you're gonna take off your hip part you
don't have to do that while you have
your baby on there okay so my baby's
here nice and tight I'm going to turn
around I've got this piece here which
I'm going to unsnapped like that I go
back one hand is on my baby at all times
especially if he's small I'm supporting
his neck I take off this arm strap I
take off this arm stuck I just sort of
let the carer fall down while holding my
baby and then I put my baby in a safe
place and I'll be right back
by afraid oh here I am and now all I
have to do is take off my waist part and
I'm all done I have a couple other
videos on the boba I'm back carrying on
the boba nursing on the boat but and the
features of this really terrific carrier
so to check those all out thanks so much
for watching cloudmom.com and see you
guys next time